Lab1 by Kevin Duong

Headache is a truth state that varies. Headache is true. 

When play begins
		say You find yourself in a unfamiliar place after waking up on a stranger's bed. You have a huge headache and your first thought is to get out. 

The bedroom is a room. You are in the bedroom. You can see a cabinet and some things on the desk. I think the living room is south of here. [if Headache is true] You currently have a huge headache and should look for some medicine. [end if]

The wood door is south of the bedroom and north of the living room.  The wood door is a door. The wood door is closed and locked. The matching key of the wood door is the key.


The living room is a room. You've entered the living room. In the living room, there is a sofa, coffee table and television. There seems to be something under the sofa. You can see a window. However, it seems to be barricaded with wood. IIt looks like it can be broken into. I think the bathroom is of here. [if Headache is true] Your head is hurting! You should search around for some medicine. [end if]

A barricade is a object.
A barricade can be broken or unbroken.

The crowbar is a object. 
The sofa is in the living room.
The description of the sofa is Sofa.



A secret door is a kind of door.
A secret door can be revealed or unrevealed.
A secret door is unrevealed.
A secret door is scenery.
A secret door is closed.

The window is a secret door. The window is closed and locked. The window is east of the living room and west of the exit.
The description of the window is A barricaded window. It looks like it could be broken into



Instead of looking under the sofa for the first time
	move the crowbar to the living room;
	say You find the crowbar! This might be able to break something.;
	now the player is carrying the crowbar.

Instead of examining crowbar at least twice
	say [if Headache is true] My head hurts! I should find some way to stop the pain.; [end if]
	if Headache is false
		say You suddenly have a thought and learnt how to use this crowbar! You use it to break the barricaded window!;
		Now the window is open.


The key is in the bedroom.

Before taking the key
	say The key looks like it opens to somewhere important.;
	continue the action.

After taking the key, say This might help open a door.

The description of the key is A shiny key.

The bathroom is a room. The bathroom is west of the living room.

The description of the bathroom is You have entered the bathroom. You see a slightly opened medicine cabinet. [if Headache is true] You currently still have a headache! You should check the medicine cabinet. [end if]

The aspirin is in the bathroom. The aspirin is edible.

The description of the aspirin is Medication used to reduce pain.

Before taking the aspirin
	say This might be able to get rid of my headache. I should try eating it.;
	continue the action.

After eating the aspirin
	 say My headache is gone!;
	Now Headache is false.

The exit is a room. 
Instead of going to the exit
	 end the story saying Congratulations! You have succesfully exited the House! The End!.


